Cxf-soap tests: Refactor and split (#4187)
apache/camel-quarkus: integration-test-groups/cxf-soap/cxf-soap-client/README.adoc

= Quarkus CXF client tests

These are pure client tests - i.e. there are intentionally no services implemented in the test application.
All clients access services running in containers.

== Maintenenance notes

=== `CalculatorService.wsdl`

`src/main/resources/wsdl/CalculatorService.wsdl` is a static copy of the WSDL served by the testing container.
It would be too complicated to start the container before running the plugin, so we rather keep the static copy.

> There is `io.quarkiverse.cxf.client.it.CxfClientTest.wsdlUpToDate()` to ensure that it is up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is `org.apache.camel.quarkus.component.cxf.soap.it.CxfSoapClientTest.wsdlUpToDate()` to ensure that it is up to date.
```

Author: fixed
